# Module 11: Identity Management and Authorization on Azure Active Directory

  Wherever a path to a file starts with **[repository root]**, replace it with the absolute path to the folder in which the 20487 repository resides. 
  For example, if you cloned or extracted the 20487 repository to **C:\Users\John Doe\Downloads\20487**, change the following path:  **[repository root]\AllFiles\20487C\Mod11** to **C:\Users\John Doe\Downloads\20487\AllFiles\20487C\Mod11**.

# Lab: Securing ASP.NET Web API using Azure AD B2C

### Exercise 1: Creating and configuring an Azure AD B2C tenant


#### Task 1: Create Azure AD B2C tenant


1. Open **Microsoft Edge**.
2. Go to the Azure portal at **http://portal.azure.com**.
3. If a page appears, prompting for your email address, enter your email address, and then click **Continue**. Wait for the sign-in page to appear, enter your email address and password, and then click **Sign In**.

   >**Note:** During the sign-in process, if a page appears prompting you to choose from a list of previously used accounts, select the account you previously used, and then enter your credentials.

4. On the navigation menu on the left, click **Create a resource**, search for **Azure Active Directory B2C**, and then click **Create**.
5. In **Create new B2C Tenant or Link to existing Tenant**, select **Create a new Azure AD B2C Tenant**, and then provide the following information:
    - In the **Organization name** text box, type **B2CMod11Lab**.
    - In the **Initial domain name** text box, type **b2cmod11Lab***YourInitials* (Replace *YourInitials* with your initials).
    - In the **Country or region** list box, select your country.
6. Click **Create**.
7. In **Create new B2C Tenant or Link to existing Tenant**, select **Link an existing Azure AD B2C Tenant to my Azure subscription**, and then provide the following information:
    - In the **Azure AD B2C Tenant** list box, select **``b2cmod11lab[YourInitials].onmicrosoft.com``** (Replace *YourInitials* with your initials).
    - In the **Resource group** list box, select **Create new**, and then type **B2C**.
8. Click **Create**, and then wait until the resource is created.
9. On top bar, click your user information, the menu opens. Click **Switch directory**, under All Directories select **B2CMod11Lab**.
    >**Note :** if you don't see **B2CMod11Lab**, refresh the page.


#### Task 2: Configure an Azure AD B2C tenant

1. On top search bar, type **Azure AD B2C**, and then select **Azure AD B2C** from the search results.
2. On the **Azure AD B2C** blade, under the **Manage** section, click **Applications**.
3. Click **Add**, and then provide the following information:
    - In the **Name** text box, type **B2C App Lab**.
    - In **Web App / Web API**, select **Yes**.
    - In the **Reply URL** text box, type **``http://localhost:51136/``**
    - In the **App ID URL** text box, type **api**.
    - In **Native Client**, select **Yes**.
4. Click **Create**.
5. On the **Azure AD B2C** blade, under then **POLICIES** section, click **Sign-up or sign-in policies**.
6. Click **Add** and provide the following information: 
    - In the **Name** text box, type **SignIn-Policy**
    - Click **Identity providers**, select **Email signup**, and then click **OK**.
    - Click **Sign-up attributes** , select **Display Name**, and then click **OK**.
    - Click **Application claims**, select **Display Name**, and then click **OK**. 
7. Click **Create**.
8. On the **Azure AD B2C** blade, under the **Manage** section, click **Applications**.
9. Click **B2C App Lab**, and copy the value from **Application ID** for the next steps.
10. On the **B2C App Lab- Properties** blade, in the **API ACCESS** section, click **Published scopes**.
11. In the empty text box under **SCOPE**, type **read**.
12. In the empty text box under **DESCRIPTION**, type **read**.
13. Click **Save**.
14. On the **B2C App Lab- Published scopes** blade, in the **API ACCESS** section, click **API access**.
15. Click **Add**, in **Select Scopes**, select **Select all**, and then click **OK**.  

#### Task 3: Configure social logins using Azure AD B2C

1. Open **Microsoft Edge**.
2. Go to **https://apps.dev.microsoft.com**.
3. Login with your Azure id.
4. Click **Add an app**.
5. In the **Application Name** text box, type **B2CAppLab**, and then click **Create**.
6. Copy the value from **Application Id** for later use.
7. In **Application Secrets**, click **Generate New Password**, copy the value for later use, and then click **OK**.
8. Under **Platforms**, click **Add Platform**, and then select **Web**.
9. In **Redirect URLs**, type **https://login.microsoftonline.com/te/b2cmod11lab[YourInitials].onmicrosoft.com/oauth2/authresp** (Replace *YourInitials* with your initials).
10. Click **Save**.
11. Return to your **Azure Protal**.
12. On the **Azure AD B2C** blade, under the **Manage** section, click **Identity providers**.
13. Click  **Add** and provide the following information:
    - In the **Name** text box, type **Microsoft**.
    - Click **identity provider type**, select **Microsoft Account**, then click **OK**.
    - Click **Set up this identity provider**.
        - In the **Client ID** text box, paste the value from step 6.
        - In the **Client secret** text box, paste the value from step 7.
        - Click **OK**.
14. Click **Create**.
15.  On the **Azure AD B2C** blade, under the **POLICIES** section, click **Sign-up or sign-in policies**.
16.  Select **B2C_1_SignIn-Policy**, and click **Edit**.
17.  Select **Identity providers**, click **Microsoft**, and then click **OK**.
18.  Under the **Edit policy** blade, click **Save**.

### Exercise 2: Integrating the BlueYonder server and client applications with Azure AD B2C

#### Task 1: Integrating the BlueYonder server

1. On the **Start** menu, search for and right-click **Windows PowerShell**, and then click **Run as Administrator**. In the **User Account Control** dialog box, click **Yes**.
2. In the **Windows PowerShell** window, run the following command: **Install-Module azurerm -AllowClobber -MinimumVersion 5.4.1**. Proceeded be entering **Y**.
3.  Go to **[repository root]\AllFiles\20487C\Mod11\LabFiles\Setup**.
4. At the prompt, type **.\createAzureServices.ps1**, press Enter, and then follow the on screen instructions.
5. When **.\createAzureServices.ps1** has finished running, the lab will be ready for work.
  >**Note :** If any prompt appears to install the Nuget provider, type Y.
6. Close the **Windows Powershell** window.
7. Open **Visual Studio 2017**.
8. On the **File** menu, point to **Open**, and then click **Project/Solution**.
9. In the **File name** text box, type **[repository root]\AllFiles\20487C\Mod11\LabFiles\begin\BlueYonder.Companion\BlueYonder.Companion.sln**, and then click **Open**.
  >**Note :** If any security warning dialog appears, click OK.
10. In **Solution Explorer**, expand the **BlueYonder.Companion.Host** project.
11. Double click the **Web.config** file, and locate the **\<appSettings\>** section.
12. Under the **\<appSettings\>** section, add the following code:
   ```xml
        <add key="ida:ClientId" value="[Application id]" />  
        <add key="ida:Tenant" value="b2cmod11Lab[YourInitials].onmicrosoft.com" />
        <add key="ida:SignUpSignInPolicyId" value="B2C_1_SignIn-Policy" />
        <add key="ida:AadInstance" value="https://login.microsoftonline.com/{0}/v2.0/.well-known/openid-configuration?p={1}" />
   ```
13. Replace the following information: 
    - In the **Tenant** text box, replace **YourInitials** with your initials.
    - In the **ClientId** text box, replace with the value copied from Exercise 1, Task 2, Step 9.
14. In **BlueYonder.Companion.Host**, expand **App_Start**, and then double click **Startup.Auth.cs**.
15. Add the following code under the class:
   ```cs
        // These values are pulled from web.config
        public static string AadInstance = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["ida:AadInstance"];
        public static string Tenant = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["ida:Tenant"];
        public static string ClientId = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["ida:ClientId"];
        public static string SignUpSignInPolicy = ConfigurationManager.AppSettings["ida:SignUpSignInPolicyId"];
        public static string DefaultPolicy = SignUpSignInPolicy;
  ```
16. Locate **ConfigureAuth** method, and paste the following code:
   ```cs
         TokenValidationParameters tvps = new TokenValidationParameters
            {
                // Accept only those tokens where the audience of the token is equal to the client ID of this app
                ValidAudience = ClientId,
                AuthenticationType = Startup.DefaultPolicy
            };

            app.UseOAuthBearerAuthentication(new OAuthBearerAuthenticationOptions
            {
                // This SecurityTokenProvider fetches the Azure AD B2C metadata & signing keys from the OpenIDConnect metadata endpoint
                AccessTokenFormat = new JwtFormat(tvps, new OpenIdConnectCachingSecurityTokenProvider(String.Format(AadInstance, Tenant, DefaultPolicy)))
            });
   ```
17. In **Solution Explorer**, expand the **BlueYonder.Companion.Controllers** project.
18. Double Click **LocationsController.cs**, and add an **[Authorize]** attribute to the class.
19. In **Solution Explorer**, right-click **BlueYonder.Companion.Host**, and select **Publish**.
20. In the **Pick a publish target** window, select **App Service**, select **Create New**, and then click **Create Profile**.
21. In **App Name**, type **B2CMod11Lab[YourInitials]** (Replace *YourInitials* with your initials).
22. Click **Create**.
23. Click **Publish**.
23. Open **Microsoft Edge**, and type **http://B2CMod11Lab[YourInitials].azurewebsites.net/Locations** (Replace *YourInitials* with your initials).
24. The following message appears:
   ```xml
        <Error>
            <Message>Authorization has been denied for this request. </Message>
        </Error>
```

#### Task 2: Integrating the BlueYonder native client

1. Open **Visual Studio 2017**.
2. On the **File** menu, point to **Open**, and then click **Project/Solution**.
3. In the **File name** text box, type **[repository root]\AllFiles\20487C\Mod11\LabFiles\begin\BlueYonder.Companion.Client\BlueYonder.Companion.Client.sln**, and then click **Open**.
4. In **Solution Explorer**, expand the **BlueYonder.Companion.Client** project.
5. Expand **App.xaml**, and click on **App.xaml.cs** file.
6. Replace the following information: 
    - In the **Tenant** text box, replace **YourInitials** with your initials.
    - In the **ClientId** text box, replace with the value copied from Exercise 1, Task 2, Step 9.
    - In the **ApiScopes** text box, replace **YourInitials** with your initials.
    - In the **ApiEndpoint** text box, replace **YourInitials** with your initials.
7.  In **Solution Explorer**, expand the **BlueYonder.Companion.Shared** project.
8. Double click **Addresses**, locate **BaseUri** property, and replace **YourInitials** with your initials.
9. In **Solution Explorer**, right-click **BlueYonder.Companion.Client** project, and then click **Set as StartUp Project**.
10. To run the project, press **Ctrl+F5**.
11. If you are prompted to allow the app to run in the background, click **Yes**.
12. To display the app bar, right-click or swipe from the bottom of the screen.
13. Click **Login**, click **Microsoft**, and then enter your email and password.
    - If the **Let this app access your info?** screen  appeasr, scroll down and click **Yes**.
    - In the **Display Name** window, edit your name or click **Continue**.
14. Click **Search**, and in the **Search** text box, select **New York**.
15. Now you will get a list of locations from the **BlueYonder.Companion** (Web Api).
16. Close all open windows.


©2018 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

The text in this document is available under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/legalcode), additional terms may apply. All other content contained in this document (including, without limitation, trademarks, logos, images, etc.) are **not** included within the Creative Commons license grant. This document does not provide you with any legal rights to any intellectual property in any Microsoft product. You may copy and use this document for your internal, reference purposes.

This document is provided &quot;as-is.&quot; Information and views expressed in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, may change without notice. You bear the risk of using it. Some examples are for illustration only and are fictitious. No real association is intended or inferred. Microsoft makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information provided here.
